docs: describe installation without reload (#7727)
VSCodeVim/Vim: README.md

## 💾 Installation

> VSCodeVim is automatically enabled after [installing](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vscodevim.vim) it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
VSCodeVim can be installed via the VS Code [Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vscodevim.vim).
```
